Thank you so much!!
Good family
Today we want to introduce you
to a friend of ours that
he has been accompanying us
in some concerts we have done in Barcelona
and for Catalonia.
She is here from these lands
and of course,
we had to invite him to come today.
She is called Marina
and it will help us to sing this song
in Sign Language Catalana.
Please a lot of applause for her!
A strong applause
for the Navy
who is the artist who carries us.
That is the applause in Sign Language eh !!
Beyond !! A strong applause that sounds,
this one that sounds like the Navy
that accompanies us many times
with this sensibility
and bringing the song to many people who would not arrive.
Thank you very much, Jalón, really.
We leave you with "Sva-ters"
which now wears the big party.
This is not over, this begins.
Truly, thank you very much.
We are very far from home
and we felt very well welcomed.
Thanks for this popular dinner so beautiful
what are you here for Xaló?
And so keep up the Holidays, really.
And places full, that's life!
Now in some corner of the square here we will ride
a little stall.
If someone wants a T-shirt,
a disk
or make a beer,
we are here, right?
Thank you so much!